so that's how it ends
today the coalition of Sunni governments to stop
to exist
prescott president
it's been a while since he abandoned us
we can no longer pretend that we will form a government
it all began
when the locusts have swept over us
we walked the aisles
scientix million francs from afp
the survivors of the strikes of the ray of dawn it's not nothing
we you most of a government that sacrificed civilians
but after fifteen years of fighting
the United Nations
if affinities
we flooded the city christopher the logistics army
the war was finally over
reduced to a group of refugees we discovered a city where everything has
start
but some things
could not be repaired
the spirits too
that's when we discovered naked
it will remain
but their advance to the lighthouse
our last hope and leave the island and parting
a group of actors to live on the last starship
while austria risked his life on the spot
he was a former lieutenant at the astral
good ah after the truce
career electricity